What is XXXX?
XXXX is simply dummy text XXXX printing and XXXX industry. XXXX has been the industry's standard dummy text ever since the 1500s, when an unknown printer took a galley of type and scrambled it to make a type specimen book. It has survived not only five centuries, but also the leap into electronic XXXX, remaining essentially unchanged. It was popularised in the 1960s with the release of Letraset sheets containing XXXX passages, and more recently with desktop publishing software like Aldus PageMaker including versions of XXXX.

Where does it come XXXX?
Contrary to popular belief, XXXX is not simply random text. It has roots in a piece of classical Latin literature XXXX 45 BC, making it over 2000 years old. Richard McClintock, a Latin professor at Hampden-Sydney College in Virginia, looked up one XXXX more obscure Latin words, consectetur, XXXX a XXXX passage, and going through the cites XXXX word in classical literature, discovered the undoubtable source. XXXX comes XXXX sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 of "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" (The Extremes of Good and Evil) by Cicero, written in 45 BC. This book is a treatise on the theory of ethics, very popular during the Renaissance. The first line of XXXX, "XXXX dolor sit amet..", comes XXXX a line in section 1.10.32.

The standard chunk of XXXX used since the 1500s is reproduced below for those interested. Sections 1.10.32 and 1.10.33 XXXX "de Finibus Bonorum et Malorum" by Cicero are also reproduced in their exact original form, accompanied by English versions XXXX the 1914 translation by H. Rackham.

Why do we use it?
It is a long established fact that a reader will be distracted by the readable content of a page when looking at its layout. The point of using XXXX is that it has a more-or-less normal distribution of letters, as opposed to using 'Content here, content here', making it look like readable English. Many desktop publishing packages and web page editors now use XXXX as their default model text, and a search for 'XXXX' will uncover many web sites still in their infancy. Various versions have evolved over the years, sometimes by accident, sometimes on purpose (injected humour and the like).